This is information that InfoQ will request from you for your book's landing page.

Book Abstract:

The Angular Mini-Book is a guide to getting started with Angular. You'll learn how to develop a bare-bones application, test it, and deploy it. Then you'll move on to adding Bootstrap, Angular Material, continuous integration, and authentication. Spring Boot is a popular framework for building REST APIs. You'll learn how to integrate Angular with Spring Boot and use security best practices like HTTPS and a content security policy.

This initial edition (v1.0) uses Angular 12 and Spring Boot 2.5. I do plan on updating it for Angular 13 and Spring Boot 2.6. If you have any tips for upgrading, please let me know!

Follow @mraible on Twitter for book updates.

Purpose of the book:

I think building web and mobile applications with Angular, Bootstrap, and Spring Boot is a great experience. I'd like to encourage more developers to try it.

Table of Contents:

The Angular Mini-Book
Dedication
Acknowledgments
Preface
Introduction
Build an Angular App
    A Brief History of Angular
    Create a new Angular project
    Unit and End-to-End Testing
    Continuous Integration
    Deployment to Heroku
    Styling with Bootstrap
    Styling with Angular Material
    Add Auth with OpenID Connect
    Summary
Integrate Angular with Spring Boot
    What’s New in Angular?
    What’s New in Spring Boot?
    Create an Angular App
    Create a Spring Boot App
    CRUD in Angular
    Mocking Spring Security’s OIDC Configuration
    Security Patterns for Spring Boot
    Summary
Beautiful Angular Apps with Bootstrap
    Angular Loves Bootstrap
    Integrate Bootstrap with Angular
    Make Your Angular App Beautiful with Bootstrap
    Add a Data Table with Searching, Sorting, and Pagination
    Angular + Bootstrap + Spring Boot = JHipster
    Summary
Angular Deployment
    Create an Angular + Spring Boot App
    Deploy Angular to Heroku with Secure Headers
    Use ng deploy with Firebase, Netlify, and AWS
Summary
    Angular and Docker
    Dockerize an Angular App
    Combine Angular and Spring Boot in a Single Artifact
    Build a Docker Image with Jib
    Run via Docker on Heroku and Knative
    Use Cloud Native Buildpacks to Build Docker Images
    Summary
Action!
    Additional reading
    Folks to follow
About the author

Author Bio:

Matt Raible is a web developer, Java Champion, and developer advocate @oktadev with a passion for skiing, mountain biking, classic VWs, and good 🍺. He drives a '66 21-window and a '90 Syncro Westy. He's made in Montana and resides in Centennial, Colorado with his fabulous family.

https://www.flickr.com/photos/mraible/16900780428

Back Cover:

Building an app with web technologies can be scary if you've never done it before. Should you use plain ol' JavaScript with jQuery or a full-featured framework like Angular? Angular com

The things you need to do to set up a new software project can be daunting. First, you have to select the back-end framework to create your API, choose your database, set up security, and choose your build tool. Then you have to choose the tools to create your front end: select a UI framework, configure a build tool, set up Sass processing, configure your browser to auto-refresh when you make changes, and configure the client and server so they work in unison. If you’re building a new application using Spring Boot and Angular, you can save days by using JHipster.

JHipster generates a complete and modern web app, unifying:

* A high-performance and robust Java stack on the server side with Spring Boot
* A sleek, modern, mobile-first front-end with Angular and Bootstrap
* A robust microservice architecture with the JHipster Registry, Netflix OSS, the ELK stack, and Docker
* A powerful workflow to build your application with Yeoman, Webpack, and Maven/Gradle

JHipster is a treasure trove of information of how to build modern web applications and microservice architectures. It can turn any curious and willing developer into a Java Hipster!
